Added REV and FIRST Team Support Contacts (#1305)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/software/support/support-resources.rst

Support for Cross The Road Electronics components (Pneumatics Control Module, Power Distribution Panel, Talon SRX, and Voltage Regulator Module) is provided via the e-mail address support@crosstheroadelectronics.com

REV Robotics Support

> ------------

Reviewer: Gotta extend this to be the num characters of the title.

Author: Oops - missed that.  Trying to do 20 things at once and something broke.  Sadly it was this build.

Reviewer: No worries. I'll push the link changes for ya when I get off work ;)

Author: Hopefully it's fixed now but if not then let me know.  I'm having to do this from a browser at the moment and I need to get setup for editing this locally.

Reviewer: Yep. I'm more thinking of my other comment. We can actually turn these into clickable links that open a users phone or email client with "mailto:" and "tel" links

Author: Gotcha.  Yeah, if you can make the REV one pop up with a subject line of "Hi Greg" that would be great. ;)

> Support for REV Robotics components (SPARK MAX, Sensors, upcoming new control system components) is provided via phone at 844-255-2267 or via the e-mail address support@revrobotics.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for REV Robotics components (SPARK MAX, Sensors, upcoming new control system components) is provided via phone at 844-255-2267 or via the email address ` support@revrobotics.com <mailto:support@revrobotics.com`
```
